FIFA World Cup 2026 ™ - Volunteer Program Terms and Conditions  
 
 
FIFA WORLD CUP 2026™ 
VOLUNTEER PROGRAM USA 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
PLEASE READ THESE VOLUNTEER PROGRAM USA TERMS AND CONDITIONS (THE “VOLUNTEER 
TERMS”) CAREFULLY AS THESE VOLUNTEER TERMS PROVIDE KEY TERMS AS TO YOUR 
PARTICIPATION IN THE FIFA WORLD CUP 2026™ VOLUNTEER PROGRAM AND MUST BE ACCEPTED 
FOR YOU TO BE CONSIDERED FOR THE VOLUNTEER PROGRAM. 
I, the applicant, (“I”, “you”’ or “me”) would like to participate in the Volunteer Program to 
provide support and engage in related activities on a volunteer basis (the “Volunteer 
Activities”) as part of the FIFA World Cup 2026™ Volunteer Program (the “Volunteer 
Program”), administered and managed by FWC2026 US, Inc. a non-profit 501(c)(4) organized 
and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (the “Local Entity”), a subsidiary of 
the Fédération Internationale de Football Association (“FIFA”), and where applicable, with 
the support and participation of the relevant host city entity as defined under Annex A 
(the “Host City”). I understand that the Volunteer Program will cover a number of activities 
organized by or on behalf of the Local Entity and/or the Host City across the United States 
(including activities in specific cities for the Host City), for which I may be selected to 
provide Volunteer Activities. 
In exchange for the opportunity to participate in the Volunteer Program as a volunteer, I 
hereby freely, voluntarily, and without duress agree to these Volunteer Terms and 
understand that participation in any stage of the Volunteer Program will be deemed as 
having accepted these terms in their entirety. 
Your volunteer role 
If you are selected by the Local Entity, you will support as a volunteer conducting 
Volunteer Activities in the FIFA World Cup 2026™ (the “Competition”), which is scheduled to 
take place in the United States, Canada and Mexico from 11 June to 19 July 2026.1 The 
details of your Volunteer Activities (including but not limited to training, location, and 
dates) will be provided to you on the FIFA volunteer platform. Other information such as 
your volunteer hours will be shared after you confirm acceptance of your Volunteer 
Activities and in advance of your anticipated participation. Final determinations (including 
any modifications and cancellations) as to your Volunteer Activities are made solely and 
unilaterally by the Local Entity and where applicable, the Host City, and any requested 
changes will be at the sole discretion of the Local Entity and where applicable the Host 
City. 
Your role is a volunteer role. You understand and acknowledge that you are not an 
employee of the Local Entity, Host City, and/or FIFA, and your participation in the Volunteer 
Program does not create any employment relationship between yourself and the Local 
Entity, the Host City, or FIFA. You should neither identify yourself as an employee of the 
Local Entity, Host City, and/or FIFA nor seek any benefit or entitlement reserved for 
employees. 
You also understand and agree that as a volunteer you will receive no compensation or 
remuneration of any kind for the Volunteer Activities you perform and will not be eligible 
 
1 Volunteer Activities for certain roles may commence prior to the commencement of Competition match schedule. 
 FIFA World Cup 2026 ™ - Volunteer Program Terms and Conditions  
 
 
for any employee benefits as well as any event-related benefits including, but not limited 
to, match tickets. 
You further understand that by agreeing to these Volunteer Terms: (i) you are not 
guaranteed a volunteer position, including any specific role or length of participation in 
the Volunteer Program, (ii) that the Local Entity and, where applicable, the Host City, shall 
be solely responsible for selecting, at their sole discretion, the Volunteer Activities you 
are assigned; and (iii) that the Local Entity, and, where applicable, the Host City, may 
reassign you or end your participation in the Volunteer Program at any time, for any 
reason, with or without prior notice, and at their sole discretion. 2 You are also free to 
withdraw your commitment at any time, for any reason, with or without prior notice 
(though prior notice is preferred). 3 
The Local Entity and/or the Host City may arrange for reasonable insurance coverage (the 
availability and amount of such coverage to be determined at their sole discretion) for you 
while you are performing your Volunteer Activities for the Competition, and does not 
assume any responsibility for or obligation to provide financial assistance or other 
assistance, including but not limited to medical, health, or disability insurance of any 
nature in the event of any injury, illness, or death, or damage to you or loss of your 
property. You also understand that workers' compensation insurance is not available to 
volunteers and that the Local Entity and the Host City do not provide workers' 
compensation insurance for volunteers. You expressly waive any claim for compensation 
or liability against the Local Entity, the Host City, and FIFA in the event of any injury or 
medical expense. 
You are responsible, at your own cost, for arranging and securing your own travel and 
entry into and out of the United States (‘’Host Country’’). This may require that you apply 
for and obtain a visa or other forms of permission from the relevant Host Country or other 
governmental authorities to travel to the Host Country. Neither the Local Entity, the Host 
City nor FIFA is able to sponsor or support your application or compliance with the 
pertinent entry requirements in any of the Host Countries. Applying to participate in the 
Volunteer Program and/or selection for the Volunteer Program, does not grant you any 
right of entry into the Host Country and entry is subject to the applicable Host Country’s 
regulations and discretion. You are not entitled to reimbursement or any other form of 
compensation from the Local Entity, Host City, or FIFA for any expenses you may incur 
while applying for or seeking the requisite permission to enter the Host Country. 
Any nominal and voluntary benefits you may receive as part of the Volunteer Program are 
entirely at the discretion of the Local Entity, the Host City and/or FIFA, as applicable and 
not intended to be remuneration or wages. 
Your participation in the Volunteer Program 
In order to participate in the Volunteer Program, you will need to sign a waiver and release4 
and the Local Entity will need to verify your eligibility as well as complete a background 
check and/or screening as required by the Local Entity. You therefore hereby authorize 
the Local Entity (and/or third parties authorized by the Local Entity) to conduct a 
background check, and/or other necessary screening5, in accordance with applicable laws 
 
2 Volunteers should refer to the attendance policy as repetitive no shows can result in your removal from the 
Volunteer Program. 
4 A copy of the waiver and release of liability will be available on the FIFA volunteer platform. 
4 A copy of the waiver and release of liability will be available on the FIFA volunteer platform. 
5 This includes, but may not be limited to, a name check against relevant security databases. 
 FIFA World Cup 2026 ™ - Volunteer Program Terms and Conditions  
 
 
and regulations, about you for the purpose of determining your suitability for providing 
the Volunteer Activities as well as issuing your accreditation as part of the Volunteer 
Program. Your participation as a volunteer and any offer of a volunteer role is contingent 
upon your cooperation with and the satisfactory completion of the background check 
and/or screening and issuance of accreditation6 as well as the verification of your 
eligibility; the provision of false and/or incomplete information may impact your eligibility. 
You acknowledge and agree that if, for any reason, you do not meet the eligibility 
requirements, are not issued accreditation, or are not selected to be a volunteer in the 
Volunteer Program, you waive your right to appeal or in any way contest the decision of 
the Local Entity, the Host City, and/or FIFA. 
You further agree that for these purposes the Local Entity and/or FIFA may, in accordance 
with applicable privacy laws, use, store, process and transfer your personal data that was 
provided as part of the application process or collected from third parties as set out in 
the FIFA Data Protection Portal. 
In addition, if selected for the Volunteer Program you are expected to meet certain 
standards for appropriate conduct. These standards are set out in the FIFA World Cup 2026 
Volunteer Rules of Play, provided to you under separate cover, and may be supplemented 
by other guidelines provided by the Local Entity and Host City via the volunteer platform 
or official volunteer communication channels, which you will be required to adhere to as 
part of the Volunteer Program. 
Prior to agreeing to participate in the Volunteer Program you are therefore asked to read 
and agree to abide by and conform to the following standards: 
Conduct 
 
I will be a team player.
 
I will act fairly with regard to the Local Entity, Host City, and FIFA and will 
adhere to their values of solidarity, sharing, respect, and commitment.
 
I will be welcoming and respectful towards the various stakeholders 
(volunteers, spectators, officials, players, the media, etc.).
 
I will proudly wear my official volunteer uniform while performing Volunteer 
Activities with no additional items or accessories creating an association with 
any other brand or commercial entity. My official volunteer uniform will be clean 
and well-maintained to the best of my abilities while participating in Volunteer 
Activities.
 
I will comply with all applicable laws, health and safety rules and all 
Competition-related regulations, policies, and procedures and any other 
policies and procedures notified to me by the Local Entity, Host City, and/or 
competent authorities.
 
I will not smoke or vape, drink alcohol or be under the influence of alcohol or 
drugs when I am performing my Volunteer Activities nor when wearing the 
official volunteer uniform.
 
6 Accreditation is subject to the Accreditation Terms and Conditions, and you will be asked to consent to these terms prior 
to the processing of your information for accreditation purposes, if offered a volunteer role. 
 FIFA World Cup 2026 ™ - Volunteer Program Terms and Conditions  
 
 
 
I will uphold the highest standards of discretion and professionalism 
regarding the players, the officials, the VIP guests, the media and the 
spectators at all times. I will neither take or ask for photographs, videos, or 
autographs from any players, referees, VIP guests or officials nor will I take 
photographs or videos of sensitive competition areas (such as the ground, the 
pitch, the dressing rooms, etc.), unless explicitly requested or approved by a 
Local Entity member. I will strictly adhere to any social media guidelines 
communicated by the Local Entity.
Participation 
 
I will be 18 years old at the time of the provision of the Volunteer Activities.
 
I will perform my Volunteer Activities to the best of my abilities and only 
perform Volunteer Activities I am authorised to perform.
 
I will participate effectively in all Volunteer Activities required by the Local 
Entity, as well any trainings and information sessions related to the 
Competition. I may, if I wish, participate in any event(s) organised by the Local 
Entity.
 
I will always operate under the supervision of the Local Entity and its staff 
and comply with reasonable directions and instructions.
 
I will use any property given to me in my role appropriately and only for the 
purpose of my role. Upon completion of my activities and unless instructed 
otherwise, I will return to the Local Entity any property, including tools, 
documents and materials, received for the purpose of performing my role.
 
Wherever reasonably possible, I will contribute to the Local Entity’s 
sustainability efforts, including:
 
by travelling to my Volunteer assigned location using public transport 
or car sharing wherever possible; 
 
by complying with any and all recycling guidelines in place; and 
 
by ensuring that the Competition is an event that is accessible to all. 
 
I will comply at all times with the terms and conditions of my accreditation 
and carry my accreditation at all times while participating in Volunteer 
Activities, ensuring that my accreditation is visible at all times. I will not offer, 
share or provide my accreditation to anyone else under any circumstances.
 
I understand that my accreditation is not a match ticket and that I will not 
attend matches as a spectator using my accreditation. My participation in the 
Volunteer Program does not entitle me to view matches of the Competition or 
to any Competition-related benefits, including match tickets.
 
I agree to transfer and hereby assign all intellectual property rights and 
interests (including copyright) of any ideas or materials I may create while 
performing my Volunteer Activities and consent to the use by the Local Entity 
and/or FIFA of such creations, including any use authorized by the Local Entity 
and/or FIFA as to third parties such as but not limited to the Host City. I agree
 FIFA World Cup 2026 ™ - Volunteer Program Terms and Conditions  
 
 
not to bring any claim for infringement of my moral rights in respect of that 
use. 
 
Confidentiality and Publicity 
As a volunteer at a major event, the Competition, you may be exposed to confidential 
information and be in the public eye, which require additional considerations. You are 
therefore asked to read and agree to abide by the following conditions: 
 
I undertake not to disclose to any third party, either during or after the 
exercise of my Volunteer Activities, any information or facts that I come into 
contact with or receive as part of the activities performed for my role which 
may concern the Local Entity, FIFA and/or the organisation of the Competition 
(except where, and only to the extent, required for the proper discharge of my 
activities as a volunteer). I acknowledge that my duty of confidentiality will 
continue to apply notwithstanding the expiration or completion of my 
participation in the Volunteer Program.
 
I confirm that I will not engage (either by myself or through any third party) 
in any marketing, advertising, trading, promotional or any other activities that 
may create an association (corporate, commercial, sponsorship, endorsement 
or otherwise) between (i) myself or any third party and (ii) the Competition, the 
Local Entity, the Host City, or FIFA. I will undertake any action, upon reasonable 
instruction by the Local Entity, the Host City, or FIFA to bring to an end any 
activity that may breach these terms.
 
I acknowledge that I am not authorised to make any statements to the 
media on behalf of or as a representative of the Local Entity, the Host City, or 
FIFA and will refer any interview enquiry to the Local Entity, the Host City, or FIFA. 
Unauthorised communication with the media or any inappropriate social or 
other communication may be a cause for immediate removal of my participation 
of my Volunteer Activities.
 
I understand that FIFA, the Local Entity, and the Host City have a zero- 
tolerance approach to discrimination of any kind and that FIFA, the Local Entity 
and the Host City strive to provide an environment in which everyone is treated 
with dignity and respect. I understand that FIFA, the Local Entity, and the Host 
City will actively fight racism, intimidation, harassment and all forms of 
discrimination. I will therefore report all potentially inappropriate behaviour in 
this regard without any delay to FIFA, the Local Entity and where applicable, the 
Host City. Further, I have read, acknowledge and agree to the policies as set out 
in the Safeguarding and Anti-Discrimination Code of Conduct. (Safeguarding and 
Anti-Discrimination Code of Conduct link)
 
I acknowledge that the Competition is a public event and that I may be 
photographed, filmed and/or recorded in the context of media coverage or 
behind-the-scenes footage of the Competition. I unconditionally agree that use 
may be made in perpetuity, for commercial purposes or otherwise, free of 
charge or any compensation, of my name, voice, image, photograph or likeness 
and other biographical details (by means of live or recorded audio/video display, 
broadcast, streaming, uploading, posting or other transmission or recording, 
photographs or any other current and/or future media technologies) by the 
Local Entity, the Host City, and/or FIFA (and their licensees and/or assignees). I
 FIFA World Cup 2026 ™ - Volunteer Program Terms and Conditions  
 
 
waive all rights and actions seeking to oppose such use and, subject to 
applicable laws, will not assert any claim to use, sell or exploit any such 
recordings or reproductions for any reason whatsoever. 
 
I have carefully read, understand, and accept the information on the FIFA 
Data Protection Portal. (Volunteer Data Protection link) 
I acknowledge and agree that the Local Entity and/or FIFA may collect, use, store, 
process and transfer my personal data that was provided as part of the application 
process or collected from third parties, for the purpose of issuing my accreditation 
and facilitating necessary background checks, working with children check 
procedures or other screening processes required in relation to my participation to 
the Competition, in accordance with applicable data protection laws and as set out in 
the FIFA Data Protection Portal and the Accreditation Terms and Conditions, which are 
shared along the volunteer journey. I acknowledge that although these terms and 
conditions may be made available in multiple languages, the English version shall 
prevail in the event of any dispute or conflict/ambiguity between the different 
versions. 
Indemnification. 
I hereby agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Local Entity, the Host City 
and/or FIFA (and their subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents and employees) to the 
fullest extent permitted by applicable law from and against any and all claims, costs, 
proceedings, demands, damages, losses, expenses, penalties, fines and liabilities 
arising in connection with (i) any claim by any third party for damage to property or 
persons caused by my acts in connection with the performance of my role at the 
Competition and (ii) any breach of any provision of these terms and conditions. 
Modifications. 
The Local Entity and/or FIFA, at their discretion, may update, amend or modify these 
Volunteer Terms from time to time by providing written notice or by publishing the 
updated terms through any means the Local Entity deems appropriate. Any material 
changes to these Volunteer Terms will be communicated to Volunteers by email and/or 
via notice on the FIFA volunteer platform and continued participation in the Volunteer 
after such notice shall constitute acceptance of these revised Volunteer terms. 
Volunteers should visit the FIFA volunteer platform periodically to review the latest 
version of the Volunteer Term as well as other Volunteer Program documents. 
Entire Agreement; Severability. 
I hereby agree that this Agreement represents the full understanding between the 
Local Entity, the Host City, FIFA and me with respect to the subject matter hereof. To 
the extent any term or provision under this Agreement is found to be invalid by any 
court of competent jurisdiction, the term or provision shall be deemed modified so as 
to be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. The 
invalidity of any such term or provision shall not otherwise affect the validity or 
enforceability of the remaining terms and provisions. 
Governing Law. 
 FIFA World Cup 2026 ™ - Volunteer Program Terms and Conditions  
 
 
These Volunteer Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws 
of the State where the Volunteer Activities are carried out, without regard to 
applicable conflict of laws provisions. 
Agreement to Arbitrate; Class Action Waiver. 
Any mediation, suit, or other proceeding relating to this Agreement and any activities 
covered hereby (“Covered Claim(s)”) shall be settled by mandatory, confidential, final 
and binding arbitration in Miami, Florida and administered by and accordance with rules 
of JAMS. I also hereby agree to pursue any Covered Claims on an individual basis, 
expressly waiving my right to commence, or be a party to, any class or collective 
actions asserting a Covered Claim or to bring jointly any Covered Claims against FIFA, 
the Local Entity and/or the Host City (and their respective subsidiaries, affiliates, 
directors, officers, agents, and employees) with any other person. 
BY CHECKING THE “I hereby confirm that I have read, understood, and agree to the 
Volunteer Terms and Conditions"" BUTTON, YOU CONFIRM YOUR UNDERSTANDING AND 
AGREEMENT TO ALL OF THE TERMS OF THIS VOLUNTEER PROGRAM. 
 FIFA World Cup 2026 ™ - Volunteer Program Terms and Conditions  
 
 
ANNEX A to the FIFA WORLD CUP 2026™ 
VOLUNTEER PROGRAM USA TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
As used in these Volunteer Terms, Host City refers to and incorporates the applicable host city entity, as defined 
herein, for the location you selected during the application process; the applicable Host City is subject to change 
based on any modification to your selections and/or assigned Volunteer Activities. In the event you provide 
Volunteer Activities at more than one Location, the appropriate Host City is incorporated for the relevant period 
of Volunteer Activities at the associated Location. Where Volunteer Activities are not tied to a location with a 
Host City entity and are performed solely for the benefit of the Local Entity, a Host City may not be involved in the 
management and administration of your Volunteer Activities. 
 
Location
Host City Entity
Entity No. / Address
Los Angeles
Los Angeles World Cup 2026 Host
Committee, LLC a non-profit 501(c)(6) 
organization existing under the laws 
of the State of California
CA SOS ID. 201804610248 /
633 West Fifth Street, 18th Floor, 
Los Angeles, CA, 90071 USA 
San Francisco
Bay Area Host Committee, Inc. a non-
profit 501(c)(6) organization existing 
under the laws of the State of 
California
CA SOS ID. 4097051 /
444 Castro Street, Mountain View, 
CA, 94041 USA 
Seattle
Seattle International Soccer Local
Organizing Committee a non-profit 
501(c)(3) organization existing under 
the laws of the State of Washington
WA UBI No. 604 837 549 /
220 2nd Ave S, 
Seattle, WA, 98104 USA 
Kansas City
KC2026 a non-profit 501(c)(4)
organization existing under the laws 
of the State of Missouri
MO. No. N001692426 / KS ID. 10019172
1100 Walnut St, Suite 3450 B, 
Kansas City, MO 64106 USA
Dallas
The Dallas Convention & Visitors
Bureau d/b/a the North Texas Local 
Organizing Committee
TX SOS No. 0124494201 /
1807 ROSS AVE STE 450 
DALLAS, TX 75201 USA
Houston
Harris County Houston Sports
Authority 
1001 Avenida de las 
Americas, Suite 207, 
Houston, Texas 77010
Atlanta
Atlanta World Cup Host Committee,
Inc. a non-profit 501(c)(6) organization 
existing under the laws of the State 
of Georgia
GA Control No. 18005018 /
191 Peachtree Street N.E., Ste 3400, 
Atlanta, GA, 30303 USA 
Miami
Greater Miami Sports Commission,
Inc. a non-profit 501(c)(3) organization 
existing under the laws of the State 
of Florida
FL Doc. No. N18000000513 /
220 Alhambra Circle, Ste 310, Coral 
Gables, FL, 33134 USA 
Boston
Boston Soccer 2026 Corp., a non-
profit 501(c)(4) existing under the 
laws of the State of Delaware
DE File No. 6713367 / MA ID 001795702
1 Patriot Place, Foxborough, MA 02035 
USA
Philadelphia
Philadelphia Soccer 2026 a non-profit
501(c)(3) organization existing under 
the laws of the State of Pennsylvania
PA. Control ID. 7070751 /
1900 MARKET STREET, STE 601, 
PHILADELPHIA, PA 19103
NY/NJ
New York New Jersey 2026 World Cup
Host Committee Inc. a 501(c)(6) a non- 
profit corporation existing under the 
laws of the state of New Jersey
NJ ID. 0450968996 / NY DOS ID. 7382975
11-43 RAYMOND PLAZA WEST, STE 1420 
NEWARK, NJ 07102 
 
 